{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720

\f0\fs28 \cf0 Matei Gheorghiu \
IS-217\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\qc
\cf0 JS Programs \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720

\f1 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720

\f0 \cf0 1. FItText - \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://fittextjs.com/
\f1 \cf0 \ulnone \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\qj
\cf0 	
\f0 This is a jQuery-based plugin that is used often in responsive web design. The code adjusts text size based on the viewport window. Without it, you would have to write a ton of media queries to adjust the text size based on the device that it\'92s being delivered to. \
\
2. SmoothScroll - \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://github.com/kswedberg/jquery-smooth-scroll
\f1 \cf0 \ulnone \
\
	
\f0 This is another jQuery-based plugin that is used to animate the page scrolling up or down when moving to different points on a site. It adds a more modern feel to the website and is a fairly simple program. With some research, I think I could write something like this. \
\
3. TextboxList - \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://devthought.com/wp-content/projects/mootools/textboxlist/Demo/
\f1 \cf0 \ulnone \
\
	
\f0 This is a JS program that turns textboxes into a widget that enables better visual representations of search tags. It looks similar to modern phone designs and enables people to remove tags they are searching for. It also comes with an autocomplete function. \
\
4. jQuery Calendar  - \cf2 \ul \ulc2 http://designmodo.com/demo/calendarjquerycss3/
\f1 \cf0 \ulnone \
\
	
\f0 This is a fairly simple, but really nice looking Android Ice Cream Sandwich-style calendar. The CSS handles the look of the calendar and the jQuery just enables the class for the selected date and removes it from the previous selection. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720
\cf0 5. 	
\f2\fs24 \cf3 jQuery.Hotkeys - {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "%22"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 https://github.com/jeresig/jquery.hotkeys}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720

\fs28 \cf3 	This jQuery script allows used to navigate the menu tree or site with their keyboard. This is really great for modern presentation style websites and I can see this being really useful with jQuery custom scroll paths. 
\f3 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\qj

\f1 \cf0 \
}